= win32_service_manager
    by James Tucker
    http://ra66i.org
    http://github.com/raggi/win32_service_manager
    http://libraggi.rubyforge.org/win32_service_manager

== DESCRIPTION:

A simple wrapper around Win32::Service to present a more 'God' 
(http://god.rubyforge.org) like interface. Also presents all service 
information as hashes rather than structs to save on wire transport and 
multi-platform complexity.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Really heavily mocked out for testing, might need more integration tests.

== SYNOPSIS:

  sm = Win32ServiceManager.new('')
  sm.status
  sm.status('Abiosdsk')

== REQUIREMENTS:

At the time of writing, some of the dependencies are only available as gems to
the 'x86-mswin32-60' platform. If you are installing on mingw, you can get
away with installing them using a specific --platform argument to rubygems.

* win32-service

== INSTALL:

* gem inst win32_service_manager

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 James Tucker

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
